# TrinTutors

Trinity’s rigorous curriculum often makes it difficult for students, especially those in Middle and Lower School, to handle the heavy workload. While some hire tutors, it costs money and time to find the right tutor, who still often doesn’t fully understand the Trinity-style workload. They often also have to meet with these tutors after school which conflicts with other extracurricular activities. TrinTutors plans to fix this by providing free tutoring on specific subjects to Trinity students by people who have experience with working through the stressful life at Trinity and completing their workload efficiently. The students could meet with these tutors during school to leave time for their other activities without causing conflict. Teachers often also have trouble understanding where their students are struggling in class because they have no means of seeing what their students work on with their tutors.

When a user signs up for TRINTutors, they will be directed to the Getting Started page, where they can select whether they are a student, tutor, or teacher. This will then send them to their group's own starting page, where they will fill out the necessary information in order to provide them with the most personal experience. After filling out their info, they will be directed to the home page for their group. If the user is a student, they will be sent to the Student Home page which displays the student's list of tutors. From here, they can either enter their work page for a specific tutor by clicking on their name, or they can select the List button in the navbar which will send them to the corresponding page. In the List Page, the student will see a list of all the tutors and they can select the ones which match their desired subjects of help. By clicking on the name of a tutor they are interested in, the student will be sent to a profile page of that tutor in order to gain more information on them, and if they like the tutor, they can click the Book Now button which will add the tutor to the student's tutors. If the user has signed up as a tutor, they will be sent to the Tutor Home page, where they can see a list of the tutors that have selected them. From here, they can click on the student's name, sending them to the Work Page where they can assign homework to the respective student. Additionally, they can view the List page and their own Profile page. Finally, if the user is a teacher, they will be sent to the Teacher Home page, where they can see a list of their students. If the teacher has only one student, the navbar will display a Student button which will send the teacher to that student's Teacher Student page. If the teacher has more than one student, that button will disappear from the navbar and the teacher can instead access each student's page by clicking on their name, sending them to the Teacher Student page for that student. There, the teacher can see what subject(s) the student is receiving help in as well as some information about their tutor(s) and what assignments they have completed. Overall, TRINTutors creates an organized and easy way for students to access personal tutoring in Trinity.
